==Preview==
<p>You are Guy Carrington, fresh on the job as a courier for the Hyperspace Delivery Service.</p>

==Text==
<p><strong>About the Game</strong></p>
<p>You are Guy Carrington, fresh on the job as a courier for the Hyperspace Delivery Service.</p>
<p>Your job: get mail and packages to those that need them, no matter where in space they are!</p>
<p>You may face insane robots, dangerous environments, or even the dreaded Sleeping Behemoths on your quest to deliver the universe`s most important parcels! Explore bizarre worlds and defend yourself against alien creatures as you solve the devious puzzles of... Hyperspace Delivery Boy!</p>
<ul>
<li>Journey through thirty amazing levels!</li>
<li>Choose puzzle or action-puzzle modes! </li>
<li>Revel in three amazing, completely different environments! </li>
<li>Find hidden bonus items! </li>
<li>Escape from the Crazy Panic Zones!</li>
</ul>
<p></p>
<hr />
<p><strong>General information</strong></p>
<table border="0">
<tbody>
<tr>
<td>Age rating<br/></td>
<td>0+</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Language of the dvd-box</td>
<td>English</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Language of the manual</td>
<td>English<br /></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Language of the game</td>
<td>English</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Demoversion</td>
<td><a href="http://demos.fun4tux.ch/hdb/">Demo for Hyperspace Delivery Boy</a></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Updates</td>
<td><a href="http://updates.fun4tux.ch/hdb/">Updates for Hyperspace Delivery Boy</a></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Condition</td>
<td>Brand new</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Content</td>
<td>CD-Rom in a DVD box(no packaging foil)</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>
<p></p>
<hr />
<p><strong>Minimum Requirements<br /></strong></p>
<table border="0">
<tbody>
<tr>
<td>Processor<br /></td>
<td>200 MHz x86 Processor<br /></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Graphics Card<br /></td>
<td>Graphics card with 4 MB video memory<br /></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Memory</td>
<td>32 MB</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Disc Space<br /></td>
<td>70 MB</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Sound Card</td>
<td>OSS compatible</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Optical Drive</td>
<td>4 x CD Rom<br /></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Operating System<br /></td>
<td>
<p>GNU/Linux x86 system (x64/amd64 systems through 32 bit emulation layer only), 2.2.x or better Linux kernel with glibc-2.1 or later and X-Windows (XFree86 3.3.x or later)</p>
</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>
